% i knife
An ordinary utility knife.

Typically used for cutting rope and making holes in cloth, this knife will make
holes in wardens and guards just fine. Hopefully you'll find a better weapon
before long.

% i dagger
A dagger.

An medium-sized double-edged knife, useful for stabbing foes.

% i stiletto
A stiletto.

A long dagger, ending in a razor-sharp point but with rather dull edges. It
works very well for stabbing unaware enemies.

% i rapier
A rapier.

A very long needle-like dagger, ending in an incredibly sharp edge, but with
blunt edges. Its general design, especially the handle, is uncommonly elegant.
It works extremely well for stabbing enemies, but isn't good for much else.

% m cave_goblin
A cave-goblin.

One of the last few remaining prisoners of war, captured at last at the end
of the battle in which the hill-goblins overran this stronghold. It sits
here, nursing its wounds, and waiting miserably until its execution.

For some reason, its captors haven't bothered to take its mace and armor away...

% M mine
A mine.

It will activate when a non-player monster steps on it, but it may not explode
immediately. However, monsters will avoid the mine if they can do so. Place the
mine in a corridor to ensure it is stepped on.

It will create an explosion with a radius of about 3 tiles.

% E eldritch_lantern
An eldritch lantern.

A very strange device, found in abundance in this place when the hill-goblins
overran it. What use the cave-goblins might have had for it is a mystery.

When evoked, it will create a powerful flash of light, dazing all mobs in your
field of vision for a few turns. It will daze you as well, hopefully not for
very long.

% E mine_kit
A mine kit.

You can evoke it to build a small @(mine,mine) where you are standing.

% m torturer_necromancer

A particularly sadistic death mage. His features are perpetually twisted into a
leer of cruel contempt.

% m skeletal_axemaster

A vicious and surprisingly durable skeleton, armed to the teeth. It was created
for the purpose of testing the efficiency of war axes in battle.
